= OpenPipe

* http://github.com/seporaitis/bigpipe

== What is OpenPipe?

OpenPipe is a quick, dirty and lightweight (~1.5Kb) implementation of Facebook BigPipe dynamic webpage serving system.

== What is BigPipe, then?

BigPipe is Facebook invention. Original article "{BigPipe: Pipelining web pages for high performance by Changhao Jiang}[http://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/bigpipe-pipelining-web-pages-for-high-performance/389414033919]" on {Facebook Engineering}[http://www.facebook.com/Engineering] (very cool resource, btw).

Basically what it does is that it _helps achieve_ faster page loading times by splitting page content into pieces called "Pagelets" and loading some of them simultaneously.

== What can OpenPipe do in this quick and dirty form?

With a little help from server side - load Pagelets. See "How does one run the examples?"

== How does one run the examples?

* Clone OpenPipe repository somewhere in your document root or clone it and make a vhost for it (e.g. local.openpipe.org :)).
* Open [http://localhost/bigpipe/examples/] with a browser (I've tested with latest Chrome) and you should see two files there:
** nopipe.php - simulates single-flush page loading when everything is generated on the server side and then flushed to the client
** openpipe.php - simulates Pagelet loading, when initial page layout is flushed and then Pagelets are loaded when they become available

== Is this production ready?

I'd probably say no :) But I think it is still a neat thing to play with and improve.

== Where are the tests?

Sorry, if there were tests, I wouldn't call it a quick and dirty implementation. :)))

== Is OpenPipe open for improvements?

Sure, if you have an idea feel free to contact me or fork the repository. I myself would very much like to create (see created) some 
view helpers for Zend Framework or to play with and see how this could work with Facebook XHP from the server side.
